---
title: School Canteen Stall Advertisement
permalink: /school-information/school-canteen/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: School Adminstration
---
<p><strong>School Canteen Advertisement</strong></p><p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Type of Stall</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Closing Date</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Chinese Rice</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>&nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>29 Feb 2024</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Application Procedure</strong></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Download and complete the application form. You may also request for a hardcopy from the School’s General Office.</p><p><a href="/files/Application_Form_for_Canteen_Advertisement.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Application Form</a></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Attached the following documents together with the application form:</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Photocopy of the NRIC (front and back)</p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; List of proposed menu and pricing for all items</p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Photocopy of relevant certificates such as Basic Food Hygiene Course, etc</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>3. Submit the completed application form and documents by closing date via email OR to the School’s General Office.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Address:</p><p>West Grove Primary School,</p><p>1 Jurong West Street 72,</p><p>Singapore 649223</p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Contact No.: 62679234</p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Email: <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">wgps@moe.edu.sg</a></p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Contact Person: Mrs Chua Siew Mei</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>How to get there?</strong></p><p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Nearest MRT: Boon Lay MRT Station (EW27)</p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Bus Number: 242, 99</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Interest applicants must meet the following criteria:</strong></p><p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Singapore citizen or Singapore Permanent Resident (SPR) for stallholder and stall assistant.</p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Able to provide good service and quality food with prices determined in consultation with the school.</p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Able to provide cooked food that meets the health / nutritional standards set by the Health Promotion Board (HPB) under the “Healthy Meals in Schools Programme (HMSP)” guidelines (<a href="https://www.hpb.gov.sg/schools/school-programmes/healthy-meals-in-schools-programme" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">see link</a>).</p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Able to maintain high standard of food safety and personal hygiene.</p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Healthy and fit to operate the stall.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Applicants should preferably fulfill the following criteria:</strong></p><p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Successful applicant and stall assistant(s) must possess the WSQ Basic Food Hygiene Certificate.</p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Possess catering experience or experience operating in a school environment.</p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Successful applicant is required to apply for a food stall license from Singapore Food Agency (SFA).</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><em>Shortlisted applicants will be notified for an interview and will be required to provide food sampling for the School Canteen Selection Committee at the applicant’s own expense.</em></p>